Bears

Bears are carnivoran mammals of the family Ursidae. They are classified as caniforms, or doglike carnivorans. Common characteristics of modern bears include large bodies with stocky legs, long snouts, small rounded ears, shaggy hair, plantigrade paws with five nonretractile claws, and short tails. This is a North American Bear, Grizzly.

Most adult female grizzlies weigh 130–180 kg (290–400 lb), while adult males weigh on average 180–360 kg (400–790 lb). Average total length in this subspecies is 198 cm (6.50 ft), with an average shoulder height of 102 cm (3.35 ft) and hindfoot length of 28 cm (11 in).
-https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bear
-https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grizzly_bear

Giraffe 

The giraffe is a tall African hoofed mammal belonging to the genus Giraffa. It is the tallest living terrestrial animal and the largest ruminant on Earth. Researchers proposed dividing them into up to eight extant species due to new research into their mitochondrial and nuclear DNA, as well as morphological measurements. Seven other extinct species of Giraffa are known from the fossil record. 

Fully grown giraffes stand 4.3–5.7 m (14.1–18.7 ft) tall, with males taller than females. The average weight is 1,192 kg (2,628 lb) for an adult male and 828 kg (1,825 lb) for an adult female. Despite its long neck and legs, its body is relatively short. The skin can reach a thickness of 20 mm (0.79 in). The 80–100 centimetres (31–39 in) long tail is used as a defense against insects.

-https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giraffe

Penguin 

Penguins are a group of aquatic flightless birds. They live almost exclusively in the southern hemisphere. Highly adapted for life in the water, penguins have countershaded dark and white plumage and flippers for swimming. Most penguins feed on krill, fish, squid and other forms of sea life which they catch while swimming underwater. They spend roughly half of their lives on land and the other half in the sea. The following penguins are emperor penguins.

Adult emperor penguins are 110–120 cm (43–47 in) in length, including bill and tail. The weight ranges from 22.7 to 45.4 kg (50 to 100 lb) and varies by sex, with males weighing more than females. It is the fifth heaviest living bird species, after only the larger varieties of ratite.

-https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penguin
-https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_penguin

Zebra

Zebras are African equines with distinctive black-and-white striped coats. There are three living species: the Grévy's zebra (Equus grevyi), plains zebra (E. quagga), and the mountain zebra (E. zebra). Zebras share the genus Equus with horses and asses, the three groups being the only living members of the family Equidae. Zebra stripes come in different patterns, unique to each individual. Several theories have been proposed for the function of these stripes, with most evidence supporting them as a deterrent for biting flies. Zebras inhabit eastern and southern Africa and can be found in a variety of habitats such as savannahs, grasslands, woodlands, shrublands, and mountainous areas. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zebra